hi I'm going to do my review on this
insider I've been using it in Siler for
over a year now I saw it on TV but then
when I was getting my hair cut one day
my hair girls are you stood on me and I
was like wow so I really wanted to come
and give you guys a review so that you
could enjoy this product too because it
really lives up to its thing it's a
curling iron in a straightener and it it
roasted the iron rotates while these
brushes kind of smooth out your hair so
it really does smooth it's supposed to
be less damaging to your hair it's also
supposed to take less time that bump
that you get in your hair from having
the ponytail this product truly
eliminates it better than a straightener
better than a curling iron you can
actually have it all day you're rushing
to get to get ready for going out with
your friends going to date went out with
your house and whatever and just
probably really helped twist like from
from ponytail to done in like 15 minutes
or less it's wonderful so am I going
should be good okay so to do your hair
let me give you a little demonstration
of how easy this is to do your hair I
like to separate it and I like to do the
back first so I just put the sides up up
and like a little clip make a lot easier
just to focus on the part that you're
doing okay I'm gonna shake my thing out
a clip and just section out the back so
just take like the top layer twist it up
and then you can take sides
Tyler and I know
oh yeah movie night curled in look just
going to do shitty faster did you see
someone take down a second layer brush
it out if you brush it between layers so
you see my hair a little bit curly
oh I'm just going to do the fun
side along to the other side same thing
you just basically draw up these psycho
Eddie is super fat
or like if you're a nice I mean you get
your story so there's really no need
take a little smaller section then I do
the top cut piece and then checking the
tells you to do this to you take it and
you kind of do it out of I'll go down
all right
okay so Krishna share the difference one
side in the other see on the back one
thing I would say about this product and
said it it is it just kind of noisy it
kind of sounds like a drill my husband
always does
are using power tools in there because
you can consid you can hear it's
rotation itself have another drill but I
hope you like my review I say the other
side for when I'm off camera but I just
want to show you how quick it was and
easy and that it really does work if it
lives up to the hype so if you have any
questions feel free to ask this product
is better than our product I've ever
bought I love it never use a
straightener or a hair curling iron I
really like it so definitely recommend
it